I will be as concise and coherent as possible this time.

The person who wrote the sidewalk art by engineering in Fall 2015 was suspended.

There are many lies the Conduct Office will not investigate and they will not listen to me.

If you know of this case and would like to help me, please let me know.

Because I am suspended from UCF, I am writing this to anyone out there from UCF who appreciates “Everybody”, the engineering sidewalk messenger. And I am writing this to anyone who doesn't like him. I was tricked into a relationship with another engineering student and suspended for 3 years for not knowing how to handle responsibly a “break up” that was awkward from the start. Many of you may know about October 6, 2015. After that event I told myself I need to find someone who cares about me, so I am not alone. If anyone is wondering what happened to me, or how I was suspended, I will let you know. Many of you know of my case, and I will not get into too much detail. But I do feel obligated to open up because I feel alone in this conduct process and feel it has come with a clear agenda against me. If I am to ever come back to UCF, I will need support from the creatives, lovers, and progressives out there who may support what I did. But I was railroaded by certain close-minded engineers and the conduct office. Here is what I present in brief time line regarding what happened to me. I am writing this here publicly because of the public nature with which the complainant controlled this relationship and the public nature with which she used her friends/followers to survey me, which gradually wore me down and drove me insane and incredibly needy. All this wouldn’t have happened as well if the truth of love ever found me again or somehow got to her… But it did not, unfortunately.

-October 6, 2015 -Mid October - see complainant every day of M/W class in prominent areas, write message on table - after class, she is by it with another student looking at me -Mid-Late October - next M/W class, complainant not there, another student drives hover craft at me, we talk for an hour 15 minutes. After about 10 minutes I know he is talking to me for someone else since nobody talks to me that long. We talk about school, his club, hobbies, etc. He never recruits me, tells me when meetings are, or how to join. -Late October - I am pretty sure he talked to me so long for someone else, most likely complainant. I go to his club website, my instincts are confirmed when complainant is on. I know here I should try to contact her. She has an instagram website. I am ignorant of the locator on it at the time. After a few days she begins posting messages directed to somebody. -Late October-early November - Messages seem directed to me, they reference my message on table, my hair, my problems in reference to my artwork and messages, sylvia plath messages from the information she got from the hover craft kid (I told him I write poetry for depression) they are messages directed to someone and as time goes on they are apparent they are directed to me -November 9 - Clear directed message to me, in reference to a desire to go on “mini soul trips”. I contact her through website and introduce myself. -November 9-12 - I continuously try to get a response, but cannot get to her. After November 12, I tried to meet with her and told her I am free all day. I see her and try to get her attention to talk, she walks by quickly looks at me quickly and walks away really fast. Hover craft kid notices me waiting and goes on phone.

I give up on the “thing” for a week and delete my account. -Mid November - I have compulsive behaviors, I go back to her website and immediately after the post I responded to her, is a post regarding entering a relationship and a stock drawing of 2 people hugging and “A Beautiful Life Day 1”. I consider this a sign she was happy I responded and that this is a relationship. I think she just wants space and is busy and nervous/afraid to talk directly or in person at the time. I never was in a relationship before so I let her play by her rules. -Mid November - she continues to post messages about this relationship referencing things that I responded to her with. An example is she posts a picture of an elephant and says “I hope this makes you smile like it makes me smile”. I know she has a locator now, so I respond by simply repeatably viewing the picture. She responds “nothing makes me happier than knowing I made a flower child smile”. -Mid-late November - I notice a gold car just idling right in front. I didn't know who this was. The trailer park isn't very big nor is it fully occupied, so I pretty much know every car/person that passes by. I did not know who this person was, but since they were just idling next to my bus and looking at me, I waved to them. They waved back. They slowly started to pull away, but I got in my car and left before they did (car did not leave before I did). I have no idea what that was about. About a week later, in a different car (a clean black car), the complainant came by my bus where I live and that's when I realized the earlier incident was most likely her mother (I later reaffirmed this assumption with pictures posted online). She was looking at me and when she noticed I was looking right back at her, she turned her head quickly and revved the engine and sped off. She had her hair in a ponytail fashion. -Late November - I continue to try to talk in person, but it seems she only wants to communicate through picture messages. I make no demands, and allow the relationship to be this way. On “Beautiful Life Day 17” she posts about losing someone you cant think to lose but getting someone you cant imagine”. 

I thank her by repeatedly viewing message. Within 5 minutes 2 engineering students walk by smirking and not knowing what to do. They walk by giggling. This is when I felt there was no turning back. -Early December - I notice her picture by the 2nd floor of ENG and periodically leave messages there in response to her posts. Other students frequently come by and text on cell phone. The texting when someone approaches me but doesnt talk is the giveaway on who she sends. -Mid-Late December - Since I am sure this is a relationship, but I believe she just wants space and is afraid to directly contact, I begin to contact via the email on her hover craft club website. I write her poems thanking her for being my only friend and complimenting her, and send Salvador Dali and other surrealism paintings. She responds “be friends with humans who remind you how hot you are through well-versed poetry”. She continues “A Beautiful Life” until day 41 in December. -Early January - she posts pictures going to the Salvador Dali museum. She posts “if you love Salvador Dali, I love you. JK. Not really”. She later posts about being busy with school, “A’s over baes”. I look forward to new semester, but take her being busy that I shouldn’t be too upset she doesn’t want to meet in person or talk directly which could open up the relationship to take her time away, which she might not be comfortable with. -Mid January-Late January - I begin getting uncomfortable with this relationship. Because I can’t let it go (because she seemed to care about me) but yet feel she doesn’t really care about me since I don’t talk with anyone and she has loads of friends. I reaffirm to myself and her constantly of this relationship with insecure messages of love and unconditional acceptance. 

On January 29, she uses my artwork style against me posting “just me taking the limit of your bullshit as t approaches infinity. #talkaboutexponentialgrowth”. It is a play on my art (“just put some integrals here to use if you feel differentiated from who you are” or “just put some protons here to neutralize any negativity you encounter” etc). I respond with asympototes “just put some asymptotes on your blog if the point you are trying to get to is taking you in a negative direction. Talk about exponential decay”. I then say I am sad and that this relationship might be over since she doesnt want to talk directly. She responds “take me back, I love you even if I don’t know you”. 

Being alone and often needy, I am happy and assured. -Early february - I am unsure what to do for Valentines Day. I notice her hover craft club website no longer has her for the officer on that email, so I begin writing her on her biomedical email. -Mid-late February - I am getting angry with this relationship, but don’t have the guts to leave it alone. 

My OCD doesnt allow me to leave her alone either, it was my first relationship experience. I continue to write her to reaffirm the status of the relationship. -March - I continue to reaffirm her of the status of the relationship by letting her know that I am waiting for her (to finish school, take her time, etc.). In late March, I go to class (1:30pm class) and notice her eating lunch with someone else by where I use to put my chalk artwork. I go to class weeping. That night I check my email and notice she responded for the 1st time directly as opposed to on her website, she wrote it around 1:20pm exactly when I saw her eating lunch. I respond in extreme rage for tricking me into the relationship and controlling this relationship and allowing her all the space. I contact the next day as a formal goodbye out of intense regret. -Late March-Late April - I feel awful about this relationship for everyone involved. Myself, her, and her friends. I continue to contact her out of anxiety and emotional distress, to hopefully patch the relationship back up, but more so to show her and prove to myself that I thought this whole time was a serious relationship. I am losing my mind and can feel myself slipping through the cracks. I go completely neurotic driven insane and continue writing her until I get called into the conduct office on April 21.

I will provide a slightly more in depth version now of my thought process thought this “relationship”. This provides more information about my thoughts as opposed to time line of the “relationship”. Once again, I am providing this publicly because I was entirely alone throughout this relationship, as opposed to the complainant who is very popular and disseminated private information about myself publicly and requested favors from her friends to follow/watch me.

In Fall 2015, after seeing the complainant on the days of my Monday/Wednesday night class, I decided to write a 'song' so to say on the table. It was a 'song' about the Theory of Courage (I pretty much made a math equation defining the courage of a person in life through their existence/purpose/life experiences). It is corny and cheesy to the 'normal' people, but to the broken people/people who have 'been there', it would make sense. I felt she was trying to get attention in the manner she would make herself in prominent areas, so I said to myself 'she would read this if she was interested in me'. This was in October 2015. I remember after class while leaving the building she was with another person by my 'song' I wrote (it was erased though). She was looking at me and I felt very nervous and wanted to say something to her then. I pretty much let my anxiety grab me and leave the building. You remember the pathetic socially awkward kid from school? So smart they're stupid? Well, that was and is always me. So anyway, I knew here she saw it. About a week or so later, during the Monday/Wednesday classes, I came to the engineering building about an hour before class like usual. Another student drove a remote control hover craft towards me. I side-stepped and tried to avoid the craft not to disturb or accidentally damage it. But the student would intentionally turn it back in my path and not let me around. So I asked him "Do you want to talk about it?" Since it seemed he wanted me to at least acknowledge his vehicle. We ended up talking about school, his club, and our hobbies. 

One of the things I remember talking to him about was my 'songs'/poetry I write for broken people, as I said, "because that's what we do". We talked for about an hour and 15 minutes because I went to class right after and was 20 minutes late. I didn't care too much about being late because anytime someone talks to me is a good day and I never turn that down. Most of the time people talk to me it's only for money or homework help, etc. Unfortunately he never really recruited me, he never told me when their meetings were or how to join. It was more like a long question/answer talk then a recruitment (which seemed good at first).

I rarely talk to anyone. It's very rare I talk with someone, much less longer than 5 minutes. So I had a gut feeling there was something more to this talk. I am boring. When people in student groups or former classmates/group members in class projects do talk to me in the halls, they run after 3-5 minutes because they're 'busy' or something usually. So I had a gut feeling he talked to me so long for someone else (likely the complainant who saw my Theory of Courage song I wrote the week earlier). Nobody would talk to me that long for myself. I am not worth that time. And I agree with that. So when I went to the club website, my instincts were further confirmed when the complainant was on the club website. I knew then with a pretty good certainty that I should try to make contact with her somehow. This was in mid/late October.

While walking back to my car in the parking garage by the arena in February 2015 (about 8 months earlier), I found an ID on the ground in the parking lot by Health and Public Affairs and turned it back in to the card services. I recognized the name on the club website as the name that was on the ID and I thought I could use this as an "opener" to talk about when I contact her, like "Did you lose an ID in February, I found it and turned it in".

The complainant had a public instagram account where she would post life pictures/messages. I later learned she has a locator on it. She would have friends go to my location when I visit her web page. I knew I was going to try to contact her somehow. As she found out (later described how) it was me who figured out that the long talk was not the other student's desire, but a favor for her, she would post pictures/messages that were clearly directed to me. Some of them referred to my Theory of Courage song, which contained elements of loving every aspect of all people to be courageous. Another one was a message to me how I wear my hair and she wrote something like “don’t let the world change the wonderful soul you are”. Another one was a Sylvia Plath dedication (depressed poet who killed herself), clearly from the information she got from the other student. Other times she would post pictures/messages referring to things like 'when all the bad things in life turn into a head of hair...' Every thing from late October to November was a reference it seemed to me. On November 8th or 9th, she referenced something that was clearly directed to me since it referenced an event that occurred with me in early October (a bad acid trip that I handled entirely on my own in music and courage). 

I decided to contact her through her instagram then, and pretty much introduced myself and said 'these messages are clearly directed to me...' I offered to talk with her the next day, but she never responded. I continued to try to meet in person or at least have her directly talk to me, but after 3 days i gave up the whole instagram thing, it seemed childish and egocentric. I deleted my account and said goodbye since she didn’t want to talk. I told her I would wait all day for her where I usually see her (engineering building atrium) and when I saw her she walked really fast and looked at me quickly and walked fast again. I thought it was rude but she was busy or nervous. So I gave up, temporarily. After about a week, I felt compelled to check her website again because I felt cared for there. When I went back, there was a series of messages involving getting into a relationship with someone special and who talked about the same things I did in my contact directly after the message I responded to (for example when I contacted her through her website the 1st time I said you are really pretty and smart, and she said I have been told I am not pretty or smart). It was apparent this person was myself, though no direct contact was made on her part (outside of 3rd party friends) and she continued to post messages referencing me. Things like "when you love your curls and they decide to love you back" (I had long curly hair at the time)... things like "cant think to lose someone from past but have someone you could never imagine"... 

After I contacted her on instagram, where she proudly called herself a "Princess" and bragged of her "royalty", she started a whole series of messages of "A Beautiful Life Day 1... 5... 10... 20... etc". She would refer to this new boyfriend of hers as Eeyore (depressed donkey). It is known I am the depressed songwriter from my messages I wrote for depressed people on the sidewalk. This was in early November through December. Her last “Beautiful Life Day..” message in December I think was Day 41. Through these "A Beautiful Life" messages I felt she was happy I contacted her, but wanted space in person because she might have been too busy to talk in person. I tried talking in person multiple times but she seemed either too nervous or busy. Like I said, I am socially very inexperienced, so I may have read wrong. I grew up with no friends, no social life, much less a relationship. After the Day 17, I figured though if she is willing to communicate indirectly I can email, and this is when I began writing her in email since she didn’t seem to want me to communicate through her website and I felt isolated there because she has lots of friends she talks to and I have nobody. I later learned this was a mistake and potentially a set up (from my October event she referenced).

As time went by, she would continue to post positive messages that had me feeling she cared about me. It was a feeling I never really felt, to be cared for voluntarily besides my family. For example, I thanked her for being my friend and told her how pretty she was in poetry and she posted “be friends with humans that remind you how hot you are through well-versed poetry”. She posted a picture of an elephant and said “I hope this makes you smile like it makes me smile”. I showed her it did, by repeatedly viewing the picture, which gave a signal of my location. She responded “nothing makes me happier than knowing I made a flower child out there smile”. “Flower child” an obvious allusion to my lsd use. I figured she just wanted space in person. I remember in November walking out of my bus where I live and noticing a gold car just idling right in front. I didn't know who this was. The trailer park isn't very big nor is it fully occupied, so I pretty much know every car/person that passes by. I did not know who this person was, but since they were just idling next to my bus and looking at me, I waved to them. They waved back. They slowly started to pull away, but I got in my car and left before they did (car did not leave before I did). I have no idea what that was about. About a week later, in a different car (a clean black car), the complainant came by my bus where I live and that's when I realized the earlier incident was most likely her mother. She was looking at me and when she noticed I was looking right back at her, she turned her head quickly and revved the engine and sped off. She had her hair in a ponytail fashion.

I figured the whole thing was weird about in January when she started posting negative things. Her positive messages turned into things like 'I can't control your behavior, step up or step out" and I'm about 95% sure it was January 29, when she used my artwork style I had used for my songs I was writing since September before I ever knew about her. She said "just me taking the limit of your bullshit as t approaches infinity. talk about exponential growth". Its a play on my artwork which was using various math/engineering operations and properties to create uplifting messages/songs for depressed people. At the time I was beginning to doubt the “relationship” but I already told her “I owe you everything” and she had posted “I believe in you”. This is when she stopped the whole Princess thing. She would call herself Princess and brag about her Royalty and how she can do whatever she wants, and so I said I'm not royalty, I make mistakes. She responded with messages like usual, nothing direct. "Take me back. I love you even if I don't know you".

Just before it started getting weird, the complainant did a good job of making me fall for the trap further. During the winter break, I wrote lots of poems/songs and sent paintings from Salvador Dali. I thanked her for being my friend and wrote some poems, she posted “be friends with humans who remind you how hot you are through well-versed poetry.” At the end of the break, she posted pictures from going to the Salvador Dali museum. She actually went there and took pictures. She wrote such things like "if you love Salvador Dali, I love you". I have to admit, the setup she did was very good. It also makes me think there was more to this than just her own doing.

As February came along, my own delusions still held on that this "A Beautiful Life Day 1" after I contacted her represented a relationship. I never had friends, much less a relationship. So it's like I am holding on to a new life/way of looking at myself (I can be loved by others, etc.) During this time I continued to write her, blinded by a feeling 'love'. About in late February I tried to talk in person with her again. I saw her and waved at her, she made a forced smile and turned her back to me. I said something like "if you ever want to talk let me know". That night, her message was "if you think I hate you I probably do. idk". About this time, a little bit after (around a few weeks), she stopped with the messages she would direct to me. Then all of a sudden she wrote the 'never contact me again' and hid all her messages. Of course this upset me. I thought she never wanted to talk in person because she was too busy. I see now what it all was.

I angrily contacted because I knew it was a set-up/fake relationship subconsciously. I still remained in loyalty because of the complainant’s own stalking to get information about me, which I interpreted as she wanted to know about me but was too fearful and/or busy with engineering and outside workload to contact me directly. And because of all the sweet messages she wrote to me. I tried to “fix” and “fix” what happened and wonder why she said “never contact” out of the blue. I blamed myself for something I must have done wrong. I did not know how to handle a relationship breakup, especially one that I subconsciously knew was a set-up. I dug myself deeper and deeper.

She has a morning drone who use to keep tabs for her regarding my rec/wellness visits in the morning (6am). She is another student in her biomedical group officers on the biomedical website. She also use to throw smirks at me when seeing me outside. One day while waiting in the check in line at the rec center this semester, she was talking to someone else while also waiting in line and kind of making slight glances to me while talking. The other person she was talking with then looked at me and made a smirk. I grew up alone and constantly made fun. I know when people are talking about me. They were obviously talking about me and she was telling the other person something about me.

Another drone is the kid with the hovercraft. Totally controlled by her to keep tabs for her. Like I said, she has a locator. When she would communicate to me via her picture messages through her instagram website, she would know my location. Several times while reading her messages to me, she would send drones at me. Her use of locator and later drones were only allowed by first her use of this drone to get me onto the club website.

In late October or early November (before contacting her directly through her website but after saying Hi to her in person but she seemed busy), I was at burger king benches reading her messages which seemed directed to me (like my hair after I shower, she imitated my hair I wear after I shower at the rec center each morning, my songs, the Sylvia Plath message, etc.) on 50/Chuluota. It was about midnight, they were closed. The drive thru was closed. A guy in a clean white car came through the drive thru. He stopped and said hi to me (while staying in the car) and asked what I was listening to (I had headphones with me). He immediately went to texting his cell phone and just idled in the drive thru (they were closed) while watching me and texting. I left after a few mins (it's midnight, burger king is closed, and a guy in a clean white car is watching me and texting from the drive thru). This was before I learned she has a locator.

In late November, I believe it was also "A Beautiful Life Day 17", she wrote a message about losing someone you can't think to lose but having someone you can't imagine to have. This was when I knew she had a locator. I 'signaled' her a 'thank you' by repeatedly visiting/viewing this picture message. Within a few minutes, 2 engineering students (I was in the engineering building) came by smirking and appearing to not know what to do. It was around 7pm. Mostly empty building and after classes finished. I was in a hallway otherwise entirely alone. I knew they were drones at the time, I thought it was cute at the time too.

Her mother is another drone. She came to my residence. Looking back, I have no idea what she was doing. At the time, once again I thought it was cute. Her mom wants to know where I live, what I do, etc. I now think it was something more sinister, perhaps wiring my bus (which I decided to sell ASAP for almost nothing -$500, it's now on craigslist for $7,500 when I left Orlando because of this whole UCF/relationship emotional event). Why would she want to appear she is leaving when I get out of my bus, but chooses not to leave when noticing that I am leaving? She had work to do there while I was gone, and knew it was sinister (thus the 'I need to look like I am leaving').

I am very aware. I notice a lot. I noticed her picture (with less makeup than usual) posted by a class in ENG 1 on the 2nd floor. It was an advertisement for tutoring service. I used to leave nice messages for her on pieces of paper there (which I threw out over time). In late November or early December around Finals week, a kid asked me where some room was by giving me the number. I did not know, but I walked around to find it with him. He seemed to want to lead me to where it was. He would not follow me. When I went one way (which happened to be a wrong way), he kept going a separate way. I started to sort of follow him, and we eventually found the room. It was her tutoring service room. This drone was sent to see if I knew her room number.

In the spring semester, a very similar event occurred, different person, similar thing. She mentioned the room number. I knew she was a drone. She said it's for tutoring. I knew she was a drone for her to know whether I know where the tutoring office is located, so I knew the complainant was around. I led her to the room in ENG 1 (I was on the 2nd floor of ENG 2). While walking back to ENG 2, I looked over the atrium and noticed the complainant (I had a gut feeling she was there). She had a look of nerves and appeared to feign not noticing that she noticed me. She was facing that direction, directly toward me. Once again, I just thought these drones were a cute update she needed/used out of curiosity.

Another drone (2 kids, the hovercraft kid and another) came in the day or 2 before I was taken away from school. I was feeling mortified of this whole relationship and remember going to her facebook page, which confirms her facebook page also had the same locator that her picture messages on instagram had. I was in the library and they came on a computer right across from me. I was listening to music and after a few minutes I noticed they were staring at the window behind me of the reflection of my computer.

There are several other drones, and I won't be surprised most of her friends (and she probably has more than I can count) know about me (since it appears these drones were sent out of public notifications since there were so many drones chosen, depending on my location).

I feel this case was a statement for me to leave. I am sorry for my 'relationship', I feel like a victim just as much as she may. It was a set up. A clear set up. She would only respond to me through her picture messages when I email her. She did not want to talk in person, nor respond to my instagram messages. My first and only friend used me for comedy and personal gain out of my own emotional distress.

She has seen me many times and says she has not. And nobody believes me, including the Conduct Office. After the hovercraft kid but before contacting in person, I approached her while she was at a table and said “Hi” and waved. She said “Hi” and waved back and immediately put headphones on while I told her I found her ID on the ground in February and turned it in to card services. After this, she did not come to the building where we normally see eachother, but she saw me 2 other times before contacting her through her website. While walking from the business building to the engineering building, she was climbing the stairs of the business building and in my peripheral I could tell she was looking over and down at me. Soon after that, during the time before class where she used to me and I use to be, I was playing the virtual piano with the monitor facing the 2nd floor walkway. I could see her from the reflection on the black keys and she watched over the balcony at me for about 10-20 seconds.

Regarding the “Sexual” offense of my case: Since my violation is “sexual”, I figure I let you know about some sexuality about myself, and maybe other people who read this that encounter similar problems or can relate in any way but are too afraid to talk about will be encouraged to know they are not alone. I was never in a relationship before this case. And I never had sex. I never even ejaculated while awake. I am curious towards females, but have no idea how to “court”. I remember in undergrad working on a senior design project and sort of asking someone out in a awkward way but was turned down. I want anyone out there to know they are not alone when it comes to the “shame” of sexual inadequacy and/or sexual isolation due to societal rejection. Additionally, though I never ejaculated while awake, I was once a bed wetter until I turned 16. I do not know if the 2 are related, but if anyone has/had these problems they are not alone. Everyday is Halloween to me, and I do not know if that is related either.

I have some questions/concerns/comments regarding my case. The Conduct Office does not like me, most likely because they believe they are doing what other engineers want. So I am posting these here too:

1) I am doing lots of community service for Habitat for Humanity with the goal of being in "good standing" again through the CREED program and becoming a construction supervisor for Habitat (this is how my supervisor started too). Is it possible to be in "good standing" through the CREED program with a "sexual misconduct" case?

2) Can I have an explanation that makes my case "sexual"? If this is the case I would like to say that the reasoning behind her visits along with her mother's visits to my residence and 3rd party contact was not unknown, but were sexual in nature with the goal to view me and interrogate me sexually, specifically viewing me without my knowing in compromising situations (for example, the roof in the bathroom of my bus residence has a window in it and can be easily looked in through).

3) Yes I did insult her, but all the insults were in reference and allusion to her insults that finally pushed me over the boiling point. I subsequently felt awful but still felt she was my first and only friend, and only chance at ever having a friend, so I tried to "fix" this "relationship". Nothing was sexual. If my case can be downgraded from sexual to nonsexual by explaining all the evidence (which I was never allowed to review), I would like to do so.

4) I was asked in the hearing if I reviewed the evidence and I told them I did not review anything, only the rights paper. The hearing officer was satisfied with this fulfilling the obligation of presenting me the evidence. Was I supposed to review the evidence before the hearing, because I did not and was only given the rights paper the day before the hearing after asking how I was supposed to attend it? I was mortified of this evidence (which is why I suspect the Conduct Office would not think I would question never reviewing it), but none of it was "sexual".

5) Did the hearing officer review the evidence? In the oral hearing all she read was a script written with a clear agenda. Was this all that she was presented with?

6-a) I would like UCF to be honest with me. I know certain parties at UCF do not want me at UCF (the complainant and her friends/followers), and that certain parties have expressed joy from being able to resolve this case remotely, but there are many people who do want me back. I would like an honest answer from the Conduct Office regarding whether I have any chance on returning to UCF before the 3 year suspension is completed. Or more directly, does UCF care to have me back?

6-b) I honestly apologize for October 6, 2015, that is what this whole case was about. The engineers know I can do things that they can't and they can do things I can't. On August 23, 2013 I tried to destroy "Everybody". Please understand that "Everybody" is who I tried to love, since deep down I feel unworthy of anything and that is what that whole day was about. I feel I must fight for "Everybody" because I can't do anything for myself. I was fighting my own demons, not any ideology or any engineer. However, I made an impact in the music industry on August 23, 2013.

7) With this in mind, I have the potential to do great things for UCF if we can work together. I have 2 goals, advance from volunteer to volunteer supervisor for Habitat for Humanity and use my creativity to help engineering industry. I have a goal in mind, if I am accepted back to UCF I will find a way to use my creative talents to upgrade the Idea Lab and other creative resources at UCF with a significant portion of any money I make.

8) I bumped into an old acquaintance from high school and we talk a lot about everything including this case. He is in a deep depression too and frustrated (life dysfunction etc). He told me he had sent messages to someone in college that were sexual regarding true sexual activity (like sex, the activity I know nothing of). He was warned of "sexual harassment", but not Title IX'd or suspended. I do not recall writing anything "sexual" to the complainant. The most "sexual" thing I remember was an "I could use a hug in the future" in reference after I contacted her in November 2015, she posted a picture of 2 people hugging to start this "relationship". I do not know much about Orlando UCF culture, but where I am from people hug all the time (it is not sexual, it is community). I understand this may not be the culture at UCF. However, Free Hugs exists on campus so it may exist only in a smaller subculture. I never got a hug from anyone at UCF, but casual acquaintances back home, both male and female, greet with daps and hugs because "it's all love". If this is the sexual evidence, I apologize for this difference in culture.

9) I understand the frustration of UCF with me, mainly from Fall 2015. I assure you my frustration with myself runs 1000 times deeper than any anyone at UCF feels with me. I would like to be part of this process and I would like to be involved actively in my reinstatement if I am allowed before 3 years time. Yes I have an "attitude" and I am not perfect. Just because I can't self-promote myself comfortably doesn't mean my soul is clean, I have my own demons. But comments like "I am sorry for your depression" (sarcastic apology) and "we are going to deal with this remotely" (with a smirk on the face) and not allowing me to view the evidence before the hearing and listening to a script in the hearing with a clear agenda against me creates doubt in my mind if I have a chance, and doubt regarding whether UCF wants me to be part of my own conduct case or be part of the UCF community ever again.

10) In summary. Can we be honest? I feel I can make lots of money for UCF through creative endeavor, but I cannot do it alone. I would like to come back to UCF through CREED, and avoid contact with all student engineers so not do interrupt or disturb them in any way. I also promise to not involve myself in any way with using my mind to put down, insult, or try to "create change". I do not want to be leader, I do not want to be innovative, and I do not want to change the world. But I have a plan to use the Idea Lab (overnight alone, so all engineering students will not have to see me) to make UCF renowned world wide in creativity. I have a plan to use this to make money for UCF with the goal to upgrade the Idea Lab to world renowned proportions. However, it is not in my own hands, does UCF care to have me back? Or is UCF better off without me? I started volunteering at Habitat and am aiming to have around 200 Habitat Humanity hours by January 2017 when the CREED review is done.

Tyler. Everybody Est. August 2013. And I will represent him or her too!

Everywhere that you go People wanna go "oh, Everyone knows"

I have closure with my case. I would like it reopened, but the insanity and brainwash I was subject to has been lifted.

Hi Mr. Gilmer

For someone with a psychology degree, I would reason you should have studied and mastered more appropriate techniques with which to handle the anxiety and impending doom of the reality of this case coming to light. And the anxiety and impending doom of the negligence of you and your Office along with the total disregard for due process and my rights coming to light. I am sorry for the anxiety you experience, now that you know I am not alone.

Thank you for letting me know all my communication with the University is in your possession. There should therefore be ample evidence of a sufficiently "emotionally damaged" individual frustrated with a conduct process with a clear agenda that is in opposition to the due process it is responsible to uphold. Additionally, there should be around 100 pages of facts of my case that you and your Office have chosen to ignore.

Because my requests to you and your Office to investigate the complainant's lies were ignored throughout this process, and because there was not even a Title IX investigation at all, and because there was a clear complainant/Conduct Office coalition with mutual intent on kicking me out of UCF for as long as possible without due process, I have decided to reject your request and continue my contact with other parties. In fact, I have forwarded this email to (removed... now can substitute reddit/r/ucf). I have also chosen to reject your statement that my case is closed. I have chosen to do this because I was alone throughout this process, you and your Office (along with the complainant and her friends) knew this, and it is time I fight back. Additional sanction for doing this does not phase me, any additional sanction has no effect. 

I am suspended for 3 years and I do not plan on ever being part of the UCF community again (I only want to drive off into the sunset in "good standing") because of your Office, lack of an appropriate Title IX investigation, and the rampant judgmental and self-promoting population that exists among the University's engineering students that preyed on me. I also do not plan on contributing a single penny to UCF if/when I ever make it in this life solely due to your Office's irresponsible conduct process, though I had plans on upgrading the Idea Lab substantially if I ever did.

You, Mr. Gilmer, have stated to me many times statements the complainant made that were lies. I have these in writing still, though many more that I have presented to you exist as well.

These are not the only lies that were presented to either you or me either in writing or that I was subject to listen to orally throughout your Mickey Mouse court proceedings, as I have mentioned many times that this was not true, and that a simple investigation, as I have laid out to you and your Office in the email "False Statements of Complainant" would prove. You may recall the spoon-fed step-by-step process I laid out for you and your Office to conduct that would reveal you and your Office's negligence and the complainant's lies, with the simplest lie being exposed by a call to parking services.

It took me 6 months to build up the courage to open up to the outside world about my case in hopes that I am not alone. And in less than 24 hours someone who is aware of the complainant's lying reached out to me to help. I understand this was the complainant, you, and your Office's worst nightmare. Welcome to my world. I understand the complainant, you, and your Office had hoped the isolation would drive me to insanity (which it did) and perhaps suicide (which it almost did). It is time to hold the complainant, you, and your Conduct Office accountable.

As stated by someone who knows the complainant: (writing edited to protect identity of person) "I'm going to [write things you might not like]. You were seen as that weird kid [nobody talks to]. The girl in question thought it would be funny to lead you on as a joke because of how socially awkward and/or unattractive you are. You [thought about the situation too much to the point it hurt you]. It destroyed you as far as I can tell. "

I will conclude this by copying the email that triggered your prompt response to me that you do not want me to have contact with anyone associated with the University about my case. And I will finally leave you with some facts about you and your Office that took me about 2 minutes to find regarding you and your Conduct Office's sexual misconduct sanctions.

"Hi all, Just letting you know I am in communication with this person and have even more confessions from the complainant's friend. I would like my case to be reopened.

It is sad I got railroaded by the conduct office throughout this process, who had clear intentions on not following due process from the get go and throughout (I was never shown the evidence like I explained I should have in the hearing, none of it is even sexual, the note taker twisting my words to support the complainant/conduct office's agenda, "I am sorry for your depression", and "we will handle this remotely", with a sparkle of glee in the eye).
(writing edited again to protect identity of person) 

"Be [a positive person open to others but you should not trust everybody]. 

Malicious intent hides itself very well [among people who portray a positive image]. Yes, that girl did it solely for her and her friends' amusement. I'm still not sure why, but it has something to do with power in numbers and easy prey. They don't suspect that you'd retaliate so it's very easy for them to pick someone like you as a target. [It is best you not take it to heart and forget about her]. Anything that happened is in the past and there's nothing you can do about it. (rest of correspondence not necessary to post, all the evidence is out)(rest of email not necessary to post either)

I do not know why this lead to your prompt request for me to not contact anybody else associated with UCF about my case. Perhaps the aforementioned anxiety and impending doom I started this email with.

I found a case of a sexual assault judged by you and your Office that made the news that resulted in only a 3 semester suspension. Additionally you and your Office found a fraternity condoning sexual assault ("rape" as heard in the video) not in violation. Because you and your Office showed Everybody - the sidewalk messenger - no love in this process, did not honor any of my requests, and took advantage of an emotionally vulnerable individual with a traumatic brain injury who is isolated, I am afraid I cannot honor your request.

PS: If you ever find yourself in depression in the near or distant future, do not hesitate to contact me. I will make it a priority to send you my sincere apologies.

Everybody Knows!

